feat: add docker-registry Chart (#1578)
mesosphere/charts: staging/docker-registry/UPGRADING.md

# Upgrading the docker-registry fork

> We fork the upstream [Prometheus Community Kubernetes Helm Charts](https://github.com/twuni/docker-registry.helm) and maintain a set of patches in the [patch/mesospere](./patch) folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We fork the upstream [Docker Registry Helm Chart](https://github.com/twuni/docker-registry.helm) and maintain a set of patches in the [patch/nutanix](./patch) folder.
```
